hi so this movie is based off of a song
that I would call the Christians version
of lose yourself
it's like Christians version of Thriller
almost this is that joint where
believers just have to hear and they're
high with the spirit and well I'm not
the biggest fan of how you know a
majority of Christian movies are made
because they're kind of cheesy they're
not the best crafted films I gotta say
these two brothers right here who also
made the movie Woodlawn are probably the
best Christian filmmakers that are out
there and I think they made a decent
rent set for your youth group with this
one oh let me explain so if you don't
know the band MercyMe
it's a Christian group that sings
contemporary Christian music but then
they also did folk music whenever that
was popping and then you know I dabble
in pop music in order to hit the charts
one time and I think they're coming out
with a trap album just to keep up with
the trends so while I'm not a biggest
fan of their newer stuff they did make
like Amazing Grace 2.0 with this song
back when it charted in 2001 and I'm
pretty sure it's still like on Caleb's
top 10 every week you know when they're
not doing their pledge drive so this
movies about how that song the biggest
Christian song was written in only 10
minutes but how it took this guy's
entire life to get there like offset
with bamboozle dude was raised in a home
where the mom just dipped the dad was
hitting him with breakfast plates and
his only form of escape was star loading
it with his Walkman but because he's a
football player he was never able to
focus on the arts until Michelle Obama
from war room over here
Troy Bolton's him cast him in the school
play and all of a sudden he falls in
love with music eventually he ends up
running away this man joins a band
they call themselves Mercy Me because
you know that's what your grandma would
say if you decided to run off without an
actual job but even though they're
selling out shows and there you know
like selling their mixtapes all around
nobody wants to sign them now I'll say
this because we see a couple of
flashbacks especially with the kid
actors who y'all ain't Abigail Breslin
and Jacob Trembley but I wish there was
a little bit more focus with the girl
because that ends up being his future
wife and you know since they met when
they were fetuses that would have been
you know more of an interesting story
since they have history the mom dipping
and not bringing her back in the movie
like we don't see her at all until the
end credits where it says that she's
back in his life and his his biggest fan
after he made a big hmm but the main
part of the movie that I think is
definitely the highlight because this is
what inspires him to write the song is
his relationship with his dad at first
when you see Dennis Quaid
the dude is just clenching his lips
tighter than a butthole and that's like
the only thing that they showed him make
him angry but it's the second half when
they finally start fleshing out his
story dude failed with the sports career
he hates his job his wife left him he's
disappointed with his son and on top of
that to do this cancer though it's one
of those things where it's like you feel
bad for the guy but no way in Hades were
you staying in that house at this point
Bart's career still isn't going anywhere
even though he's on tour everyone's
rejecting him so he decides you know
what I'm just gonna go back home even
though he hates us that even though he
despises the man but the moment he meets
up with him and he learns that he has
cancer and he learns that this man has
done a complete 180 he forgives them
which is what the movies about now
obviously the data tributes is to
finding God and that causes Bart to go
well Shu if God can change the dude who
hit me with a frickin plate of scrambled
eggs
maybe there's something special here him
and his dad reconnect they become best
friends they write notes with each other
they go to church and then he dies
obviously that sucks but at the same
time it's that death that causes him to
go completely full spongebob create the
song that would eventually change his
life and talk about the afterlife that
would also affect many others to come
Saint Amy grants is about to buy the
song and make it her own but she's a
real G she promotes it for them it
becomes the biggest CCM song of all time
saves lives makes a movie and does the
unimaginable except they messed up with
that um
michael w smith casting like i was worse
than snoop in Compton thinking as for
checking out this video I'm curious to
know your thoughts like I said I'm very
critical when it comes to Christian
films because if this was supposed to be
the Word of God then y'all got to do
y'all gotta do god's films justice and
this one knee you know what stands up in
the crowd we'll see how God's not dead
three does but other than that let me
know what else you want me to cover
comment like and subscribe down below
and I still got those guys not that
seven tickets if you want